Release/1.1.3 (#12)
easydigitaldownloads/edd-add-to-cart-popup: changelog.txt

= 1.1.3 (2021-July-21) =

> * Improvement: The "Preview Popup" button has been removed from the top admin bar. It wasn't working on any page other than the add-on's own settings page, and that page already has a dedicated button anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improvement: The "Preview Popup" button has been removed from the top admin bar. It wasn't working on any page other than the extension's own settings page, and that page already has a dedicated button anyway.
```
Minor detail but my understanding is that we should be using extension instead of add-on (support guidelines).

Author: Hard habit to break!
